Tor Physical Isolation computer setup.
Computer needs atleast 2 ethernet ports on the desktop if you want to use this script.
One to start the tor protocol, second one to connect a safe workspace.

Updated (02-07-2022) Tested on Xubuntu 16.04.6 LTS
LOG: clear instructions.

1. starting point.
login as root "sudo su" or "sudo -i"
“apt update”

2. Install needed packages.
“apt install ranger inxi tor ifupdown dhcpcd5 dnsmasq”

3. Avoid dnsmasq & systemd-resolved conflicts.
Open a terminal and write:
"sudo nano /etc/systemd/resolved.conf"

Uncomment "#DNSStubListener=no"
If its not there just add the line:
"DNSStubListener=no"

CTRL+O to save, CTRL+X to exit.

4. Edit ./start script
Current internet interface

In the current ./start script enp3s0 is your current interface name from your active network connection (ISP home connection) going to your machine.
enp1s0 in the script is the torrified out connection which you probably gonna use for a safe space.
See "inxi -n" to know what to replace it with.

Now replace enp1s0 with the name of your second interface name in the ./start script. 

5. The computer is done, you will not use this computer for anything with an exception to run the Tor Physical Isolation script.
This computer is now an onion router, it protects you from most possible leak.

6. How to use.

 - 1: Connect your Tor physical isolation computer to the internet (ethernet) on you first interface's ethernet port. (ISP connection)
 - 2: Open a terminal and type: sudo sh ./start in the same directory where you downloaded the script.
 - 2B: Alternatively you can do "sudo -i" in a terminal and "cd" to the directory, then launch with "sh ./start"
 
 
 - 3: Put another cable into your Tor Physical isolation computer, then connect that cable to a safe workspace (maybe even an encrypted one if needed)
 - 4: And enjoy.

SAFETY TIPS:
set-up a firewall on your safe workspace computer.
Disable IPv6.
Blacklist modules like camera, microphone & wifi IF you workspace computer has it (linux).
